update_list	126890	lock=false
The superpowered ability to fly.
The superpowered ability to lift a super-human amount of weight.
The superpowered ability to turn invisible.
The superpowered ability to move at super-human speed.
The superpowered ability to emit powerful lasers from the eyes.
The superpowered ability to withstand blows of tremendous force without any harm.
The superpowered ability to read minds.
The superpowered ability to move objects with the mind.
The superpowered ability to spontaneously generate ice.
The superpowered ability to spontaneously generate fire.
The superpowered ability to spontaneously generate wind.
The superpowered ability to change the shape of one's body to resemble other objects or people.
The superpowered ability to rapidly heal from illness or injury.
The superpowered ability to generate a force field around oneself or others.
The superpowered ability to control the weather.
The superpowered ability to pass one solid object through another solid object without damaging either.
The superpowered ability to instantaneously pass from one location to another.
The superpowered ability to speack to animals.
The superpowered ability to scale walls without any type of hand or foot holds, or equipment.
The superpowered ability to see future events.
The superpowered ability to travel through time to the past or future.
The superpowered ability to telepathically move stone or dirt, often in large quantities.
The superpowered ability to spontaneously generate electricity.
The superpowered ability to telepathically manipulte magnetic metals.
The superpowered ability to generate super-humanly powerful sound waves.
The superpowered ability to take control of someone's mind.
The superpowered ability to change a person's memory.
The superpowered ability to learn things about the past or future of an object by touching it.
The superpowered ability to generate acid.
The superpowered ability to stretch one's bones, muscles, and other tissues.
The superpowered ability to grow to superhuman size, and return to normal size.
The superpowered ability to shrink one's body to sub-human size, and return to normal size.
The superpowered ability to duplicate one's body, and reabsorb the duplicates.
The superpowered ability to absorb power from others bodies.
The superpowered ability to negate other's super powers.
The superpowered ability to manipulate one's own or others luck, for better or worse.
The superpowered ability to generate illusions of reality.
The superpowered ability to create connections with alternate dimensions.
The superpowered ability to remain in one place regardless of external forces.
The superpowered ability to change ones exterior appearance to blend with the environment.
The superpowered ability to breath under water.
The superpowered ability to move with super-human agility.
The superpowered ability to bend ones joints and limbs beyond normal human ability.
The superpowered ability to view the infrared spectrum of light.
The superpowered ability to view x-rays.
The superpowered ability to view farther and in higher resolution than normal human ability.
A superpower that increases a person's intelligence beyond normal human limits.
The superpowered ability to hypnotize other human beings.
The superpowered ability to grow or control plant life.
The superpowered ability to access supernatural powers to perform work or gain knowledge.
update_list	126890	lock=true
